Miss Yuqing
Excuse me.
Does the Left Bank really have Maocong to live stream with you?
Sister Yuqing's answer has not been investigated clearly
Please do not add color to the media
Female live streaming host just goes back to coordinate with us
The investigation report is Miss Yuqing
Miss Yuqing, may I ask?
We investigated
Those 5,000 people don't have your fingerprints on them
There's no scientific evidence.
Their death
According to scientific concerns
You can go.
Although
Do you believe that in this world
What do you want to say to me?
And I said, "Okay.
If it was before
I may not believe it.
But now.
I believe anything you say
It was that magic picture that forced me to live stream.
If I go LIVE
More people will die
more
How many more to die?
More than 5,000 people have now died
I don't know how many people I'm going to kill
That's for sure.
As long as the curse doesn't end
The live stream will continue.
Even if you turn off the live stream, it's useless.